README.md, before:

adaway-linux
============

A small script to block ad-containing sites in your whole Linux system.

Features
--------
* install-script (also supports uninstall)
* update hosts from hosts-servers (like http://adaway.org/hosts.txt)
* cronjob support

Usage
-----
0. choose a directory and put the two scripts in it
1. please familiarize yourself with the script to prevent your system from damage (Obacht Frickelei)
2. run `./install.sh`
  * this will create ./hostssources.lst, where you can add your own domains offering lists with adservers
  * it will also backup /etc/hosts to ~/.hosts.original 
  * if you want, you can add a cronjob

3. run `./adaway-linux.sh --help` and find out which options are available
4. run `./adaway-linux.sh --simulate` to check whether you understood what this script will do
4. if you're sure you want to proceed, run `./adaway-linux.sh`

Operation
---------
All domains will be listed in /etc/hosts and therefore any request to them will be redirected to localhost or a dummy IP (127.0.0.1, 0.0.0.0, ...)

Efficiency
----------
+ theoretical it should work fine, but it's difficult to get all domains witch host advertisements
+ /etc/hosts file may be very confusing
+ if you want to add or remove something manually from /etc/hosts, you have to do this in the backupfile
+ maybe plugins like AdBlock will work better...

Please report bugs or fork this repo and help to improve this script.
Thank you ;)

Commit message:

rewrite usage of install.sh and adaway-linux.sh

README.md, after:

adaway-linux
============

A small script to block ad-containing sites in your whole Linux system.

Features
--------
* install-script (also supports uninstall)
* update hosts from hosts-servers (like http://adaway.org/hosts.txt)
* cronjob support

Usage
-----
* install.sh:
```
Usage: ./install.sh [OPTION]

  -i,  --install        install all things needed by adaway-linux
                        -f,  --force    force the installation
  -u,  --uninstall      remove all changes made by this script
  -v,  --version        show current version of this script
  -?,  --help           show this help
```
* adaway-linux:
```
You only have to run this script to add the ad-domains to your hosts file or to update them.
Parameters:
    -h    --help      show help
    -s    --simulate  simulate, but don't replace hosts-file
```

Operation
---------
All domains will be listed in /etc/hosts and therefore any request to them will be redirected to localhost or a dummy IP (127.0.0.1, 0.0.0.0, ...)

Efficiency
----------
+ theoretical it should work fine, but it's difficult to get all domains witch host advertisements
+ /etc/hosts file may be very confusing
+ if you want to add or remove something manually from /etc/hosts, you have to do this in the backupfile
+ maybe plugins like AdBlock will work better...

Please report bugs or fork this repo and help to improve this script.
Thank you ;)
